docs: use only RpcProvider (#857)
starknet-io/starknet.js: www/docs/guides/what_s_starknet.js.md

> Understand what is Starknet and how it works is necessary. Then, you can learn how to interact with it using Starknet.js. So, at this stage, you should be aware of the content of the [Starknet official doc](https://docs.starknet.io/documentation/) and [the Starknet Book](https://book.starknet.io/).

> - Only the `RpcProvider` object is talking directly to the network - your DAPP will talk mainly to `Account` and `Contract` objects. You will define with the `RpcProvider` with which network you want to work. You can ask the provider for some low-level data of the network (block, timestamp, ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only the `RpcProvider` object communicates directly with the network; your DAPP will mainly interact with `Account` and `Contract` objects. You will define with the `RpcProvider` with which network you want to work. You can use the provider to access some low-level data from the network (block, timestamp, ...).
```
